Work: Engineer: Ibrahim Kamel and Ozoz
Clint Eastwood
Elie Wallach
Lee Van Cleef
The Good the Bad and the Ugly
Translated by Mohamed Nasr
Ugly
From Baker?
He told Baker that I told him everything I knew
I tell him I want to live in peace. Understand?
I don't know anything at all on the subject of currencies
Now this gold has disappeared but if he had heard my words we could have avoided this together
I went to the military court there are no witnesses
They cannot recover again
I can't tell Becker what happened to the money
Return you and tell him
There is talk about a visitor who came to you
And Baker knows this
His name is Jackson
OK
Jackson was here.
Or was (Becker) wrong?
Not mistaken
Maybe Baker wants to know what happened between you
About the cash box
This is not what drove me to
I'm only interested in the name Jackson is hiding now
Why do you think that Jackson might impersonate another name other than his own?
I will find it already
When I start looking for someone I find it
For this they pay me
How much did Becker pay you?
This is your family ?
Yes
cool family
How much paid you to kill me
five hundred dollars
To get the name
Carson ... Bill Carson.
This is what calls himself now
This is a lot of money, a thousand dollars
one thousand dollars
Some are gold. It is a large sum
But when I get paid
Always do the job
it's you. Any information?
Lots
He said something that will interest you
One or two things will interest me
like what ?
The name he hides ... Jackson
This is yours
Keep talking
He also mentioned something about
A cash box suddenly disappeared
This is my concern
any thing else ?
Not enough in your view?
Well, you shouldn't worry. He won't say anything to anyone anymore
Gorgeous
please enter
This is for you
Your right .. five hundred dollars
I almost forgot
He gave me a thousand
I think he wanted me to kill you
Unfortunately, you know that when I get paid I always complete my mission
You know this
No I do not angel any
Wicked
Not a gun, my friend
It will not be a beautiful thing
We are three
Do you know that you have a pretty face that is worth $ 2000
Yes
But you don't look like someone gets it
Two steps back
Thank you
How much is it worth now?
How many ?
Two thousand dollars
True two thousand dollars
I hope you end up in the graves
Cholera .. and the plague and plague
Untie me, untie me, you filthy scoundrel!
I hope your mom ends up in a $ 2 bar
Documentary jaw
You will not be able to protect yourself, let me go and I will forgive you
Let me go
I feel nauseous, and feel down
I am thirsty for water
Oh pig
Hey bastard
You are brave with a restricted man back
Go back and kill
Oh rascal
Who the hell is this? Rascal goes and another comes
- Cut it out - I'm an honest farmer
I am innocent of anything
So you are an honorable farmer
Do you know this guy?
Yes, it is you
I? Who said that? You can't even read
Documentary jaw. I will suggest a good idea that you can develop
In hell with all your commands and officers.
Look people he gives him dirty money
Judah, I sold my head, but you will not enjoy a single penny of this money
It is fair for this money to go to the store
Every penny from her, do you know who you are?
Do you know the son of you?
You never know, I know, everyone knows
You are the son of thousands of fathers who are all miscreants like you
And your mother, your mother
Oh rascal
Your mother is better not to talk about her here, so as not to hurt anyone's feelings
Wanted in 14 provinces of this state and is convicted of murder and armed robbery
On state banks and post offices
Theft of sacred religious holdings burning state prison
Marriage entitlements due to his wife and children
Urging the practice of prostitution, kidnapping and rape
Buying stolen goods
Counterfeit money exchange and violating state laws
The accused is convicted ... of rights
Than it was obligated by the authority entrusted to us
Our judgment on the accused before us
Toco Benedicto Pacifico Juan Maria Ramirez
Known as the mouse
..And any other pseudonyms our death sentence has been taken by death sentence to death
May God have mercy on his soul
Five for you
One ... two ... three ... five for my sake
Five for you and five for me
Do you know how much you deserve now?
- No, how much? - Three thousand dollars
There are two types of people in the world
These are wrapped with ropes around their necks, whose job is to cut the rope
I hear, the neck hanging in the rope is my neck
Next time I want more than half
Maybe you take the risk, my friend, but I'm cutting
If we reduce my rate
! cigar
It may affect my ability to target
But if you fail, you have to make sure of it
Whoever aimed at me and did not kill me
He does not know anything about Toko
He knows nothing
Wanted in 15 state districts
The accused before us
Toco Benedicto Pacifico Juan Maria Ramirez
A verdict of conviction from the third district court for the following crimes
Intentional homicide and terrorizing Rape white virgin
A second-degree crime of rape in brown color
Stop the train to steal his passengers
Oh Angel Eyes
What's new with you, Shorty? If you asked me it would look like a book
A military unit was guarding a gold coin box that met an Yankee ambush
And only three of them were safe from Stephen, Baker and Jackson
It is no longer safe and so are the currencies
But the army, of course, decided to stop hearing the rumors and Jackson was discharged
Then he disappeared and became Bill Carson
I know this name but don't know just who to look for and I know
When he appears, I am afraid to hit his shoes
Where is Carson?
- All I knew was that he had been re-enlisted. He lost one of his eyes
He lives with a girl named Maria who will tell you that she is a new prostitute in the district
where is she ? What is the name of the city?
It is nearby
Santa i
Goodbye, half-soldier
Bring me one, whiskey
The officer’s office is in Sonora
He appointed himself a guide for a train car
And after he takes his wages in advance
He puts the cart on the ways for the Indians to steal it
I am happy that they caught this man who committed all these crimes
People who are stuck with a rope around their throats are not always destined to be hanged. What do you mean?
Even a dirty beggar like this has a guard angel
A golden-haired angel is watching him
The defendant made a full and express confession to all of his crimes
So we sentenced him to death by hanging to death
May God have mercy on his soul
Let's get out of here
what do you say ? Anyone can make a mistake
Nobody makes mistakes when I'm hanging at the end of the rope
Never wrapped a rope around your neck Well I'll tell you something
When the rope tightens on your neck, you feel as if the devil bites your bottom
Yes, you are right
It gets more difficult
What I mean is saying that there is no future with a foolish dwarf like you
what do you mean?
Because I think you will never deserve more than 3000 dollars
I mean, our partnership is over
no not You
You will remain documented
I will keep the money and you can keep the rope
You filthy, bastard villain with all your dirty tricks
The way back to town is only 70 miles
If you organize your breathing, I think you can take care of it
Good-bye
Dirty bastard, come here
Come here, and cut that rope down from the horse, you coward
If I hold you one day, I will take your heart out and eat it
I will skin you alive. I will hang you from the tongue of a pig
I will kill you
The same ingratitude after all the times you saved your life
Wait a minute, it's only a trick
You will not let me back here
wait ! Hear, you blond dirty rat
Sweet Dreams
You are a dirty mouse
Maria
Is that you, Bill?
Bill
who are you ?
What do you want from me ?
Tell me about Bill Carson?
I do not know him
You call him in the dark
where is he ?
What will you do?
I will ask a question
where is he ?
where
Where
Enough
I don't know where he took his belongings ten days ago
He went with his unit, they all left
which one ? Where did he go?
General Sibley, the cavalry, went to Santa Fe
I swear this is all I know
But .. but
I am very sorry, the shop is closed
Pistols? that's it
Pistols
Here I keep the best
Remington .. Colt..Root
Smith and Wesson
Colt from the Fleet Jaslin
Another Remington .. and this
its enough
Shots
If you want to try the gun, come on back. Let's go
Move, move
Shots
How many ? Twenty dollars
No
fifty dollars
How many ? One hundred dollars
Two hundred, that's all I have
Here
come here
Aaaa aaaa
Shut your mouth, yes
Toko, if you want to stay alive, why do you kill yourself with your deeds?
If you want to stay alive, why do you kill yourself with your deeds?
Potatos
You must be poor to eat potatoes
Really poor
I am rich but lonely
The world is divided into two categories
A class with friends and a single category like me
Look ... I used to have a friend, Pedro
Chico ... and Ramon ... his sisters were also my friends
But who knows where they are now?
They are bad friends, bad luck because I didn't find you
I will treat you kindly
He's a big scoundrel who has 4,000 dollars
They are 4000 dollars, and I know where to find them
If you helped me catch it, I'd split the money into four brothers
Each one is 1000 dollars
Are you in Toko? Is this true?
And sang as you will be
But people said you were killed in the yakraki
But people say nonsense
I'm alive, you bastard, and I'll always be
And I came to give you 3000 dollars
Vamos
This morning I heard everything
They say that Colonel Canby is with the northerners, and that tomorrow they will not pass unless they are in the heart of the city
For this reason, southerners leave
Look when these cowards hear the blue shirts approaching, they are fleeing
These revolutionaries have no intention of fighting. Oh, misery
They'll finish soon, and then be a fortune behind these Yankees
They carry gold, not paper currencies
And they go to defeat the south
Look at this guy with the white beard sitting in the carriage, General (Sibley?) Looks dead
Finally he will come out and invite us
Long live the south, long live the south
Where is the owner of this horse?
Please, sir, my heart cannot bear where?
The war really killed me. I'm looking for the owner of a horse
He is blond and tall and smokes a cigar. He is a pig. Where is he now?
Leave him alone, as he does not know every horse of its owner
Silent silence, old hen
Up, room 4, sir
You heard?
You rotten criminal, how dare you?
Your reward
There are two types of prizes, my friend
This one comes from the door and the other comes from the window
Remove the bullets from the pistol
It is empty
And also my gun
Even when Judas hanged himself, there was a storm too
It could be a cannon shot
Cannon shot or storm same thing to you
Have you seen this before, my friend?
Hang it on the ceiling beam
there he is.
Stop this
Right
Now make sure the rope is tight
To bear the weight of a pig
Now place the rope around your neck
Yes, very good
It is wide on your neck? We will fix this right away
I have another system that is slightly different from yours
I don't shoot the rope. I shoot the chair
Good-bye.
Hello my friend
If you are looking for summer vacation then you found it
Our hotel is good and comfortable
And not only that
A healthy and useful food
Corn seeds
Our government holds us back
As you can see, we are treating well
Have you ever heard of someone called Bill Carson
And you ? Have you heard of a person called Kandy? No?
Well, you see, Colonel Yankee, who decided to separate us
The only thing we care about is hiding our hideout
And you ask me, do I know someone !!
I don't know exactly which thief you are thinking
Carson has a patch on one of his eyes, it's the third
If he has a third eye, all of them are lost
For Glorietta
The front front of Kanbi is completely left behind by these poor little demons
And the desert in front of them I doubt that any of them are still alive
And what if they were still alive?
the worst
Well, then, you must have heard something about Butterfly
It is one of those American detention centers that you better not be in
it's yours
The well-known suspect Thomas Larson found Shorty Larson
Guilty of the following crimes ...
Horse theft and army supplies
And this short?
No
Larson shorts hanged to death
Perhaps the Lord will have mercy on his soul
Sorry, my short
Let's move on.
I don’t know the more I come to the desert, the more thirsty I feel
Incendiary? They say that those with soft skin can't bear much
As you are, you will not have to endure much
Where are we going?
Where ?
Where am I going? My friend
This way
Another hundred miles of beautiful burning sand
Even the army is very afraid to move forward here
(Sibley's men) pull out there
Kanby's men will come here
But no one will put their foot in this hell
Except you and me
A hundred miles, this is a beautiful walk
What did you say to me last time?
If you organize your breathing, I think you can take care of it
And if you don't take care of it, you'll die slowly
Very slowly, my old friend
After you please
I start walking
Do take a rest
Come on, blond, not much left to go, just 70 miles
Eight and a half hours before sunset
This is not bad
! Come on
Well, let's eat
This is what I will eat
While you enjoy sunbathing
would you like some water?
drink
Come on
Well .. oh blond your day is long
So, blond
It is goodbye
wait wait
Hey!
Water...
Two hundred thousand dollars in gold for you, just give me water
what do you say ?
Who the hell are you? Bill Carson
My name is Bill Carson
sudden attack
Everyone died. My name is Jackson, not Carson
Okay, nice to meet you, Carson. I'm Lincoln's grandfather
What were you saying about dollars? Two hundred thousand, all mine
It was Caverly's third
Baker has nothing.
Gold ... Gold hid gold in safety
Where ? Here
Speak at the cemetery
What cemetery?
On Sad Hill
... Here is a grave with
What grave? Has a name?
Has a number? Come on, you idiot
There is no number
It is a name
It is written
Water
Speak first. I'll get the water later.
Sad Hill Cemetery is well in the grave
It must have a name or number. There must be 1000 or 5000
Don't die, don't die. I'll get you water
stay here. Don't move, I'll get the water
Do not die until I return
Get away from there
He died
I will kill you
If you do, you will keep the rest of your life poor
Just a dirty mouse as you are.
If I were you, I would have kept you alive
What did he tell you?
Noun
-A name on the grave, what is the name?
Oh blond do not die
Don't die, I am your friend.
Please do not die, please I am your friend
Come on
Oh blond I will help you
Don't move until I get back. I'll get the water
Do not die as this pig.
Water, blond?
Don't drink. Not good for you. Do you feel better?
Oh blond what happened? Do not die
Open up! Faster
Stand with you! Who is there?
What does "from there" mean you think I'm the enemy?
If you were an American, you wouldn't have had time to ask this question
Come
Sergeant, listen to this corporal for a moment
There is a wounded man here, if he is not dead
He's alive, he seems to be ...
what happened? It was a trap
Only we both managed to escape the name, and travel papers
Here. Corporal Bill Carson 3rd Regiment, 2nd Cavalry Division
Coming from San Rafael. Is that enough?
Do you read with you and the man dies
Why, Corporal, we're lying here, but you're looking for a hospital?
If you want one, search for it to make yourself an American prisoner
So where are we? Near the Apache Canyon
Apache Canyon? Apache Canyon
San Antonio mission around us here?
18 miles south, take it with you
The brothers take care of all the wounded, whatever their color
Be open-eyed, the area is full of Americans
Thanks, bye-sergeant
Take care of yourself
Howe
I have a very sick man but we do not have an empty family
Let's take your bed
Where is Pablo Ramirez? Father (Ramirez) will be back soon
He will return during those days
Never mind, now you have to take great care of my friend
Let God be in his help if you do not know
The Lord is on our side because he hates the Yankees
Father, is he still breathing? Yes, of course
You are heavy
over there
Well put his compresses
Put it in my room
Hey!
Get out, soldier, come on
I take care of him please as my brother
my father
Hey father did you talk? Did he say something?
Did he ask about me? Did he talk about anything?
No, he hasn't spoken yet
But you should not worry, he is young and strong and this is what made him stay alive until now
He must recover in the near term
Thank you, father, you do not know what this boy's life means to me
Thanks to Christ
Oh blond?
The old father told me that you will recover within a few days
You're lucky to be close to you when this happened
You think that if you can
I mean when a person gets sick
Good to have a close friend
Do you have parents, blond? Mother ?
Not even a mother
no one
You are lonely ! Like me
We are all alone in this world
I have you and you have me
Just for a little while
It should have happened now. What a trick of predestination
We could have got all the cash in our hands
I have to tell you the truth, blond. If you were me, you would have done the same
All this will end up for you
Nobody can do anything
My God, forgive me
It is my fault
I'll tell you something, blond
If I knew that in my last moments I swear to you
If I were in your place I would have done the same
I was going to tell you about gold. I was going to tell you
I was going to tell you the name of the grave
After all this, what is the use of money for you if you die? I know the name of the burials
But you know how many graves are there?
I beg you. Please take some
Coffee, please tell me?
On the grave
If you got 200,000 dollars
I will always remember you
I swear I will keep your memory
I come close
tell me
You are dirty
I will sleep better
Because I know that my loyal friend.
Beside me to guard me.
Toko water, please water.
But if I know the name of the grave, I will give you water
Well, prankster, get up from your bed
Come on, come on, the party is over. The cart is ready to leave
It is better to get out of here before we get involved in the war
Toko, Father Ramirez is back.
Something I have to do will take a minute, move
Where ? From here. - Yes
Hi, Pablo
Don't you know me?
It's Toko
Let me hug you
I don't know what to do
I was just passing through. I said to myself, will my brother remember me?
Did I make a mistake ?
Never mind, I am very happy
You saw me, Toko
OK ! I am glad I came
Sake this outfit
it's a long story
Let's talk about you, you are the most important
You look fine ... maybe a little thinner but
I was always skinny, Pableto
What about our parents
Just now you remembered them? It started after nine years
nine years ?
If they are nine years old
nine years.
Our mother died a long time ago
Our father died a few days ago so I was absent
He asked about you to be there
But there was no one but me
And you ?
Outside of evil, what do you intend to do as well?
It seems to me that you have a wife somewhere
Not one but many of them
One here and one over there, wherever you can find them
Come on, preach me, Pablo
What use is that?
Just keep on your way
Go
- God have mercy on your soul - I am leaving!
While I am waiting for the Lord to remember me
I'm Toko Ramirez, Brother Ramirez's brother, well I'll tell you something
You think you are better than me
From where did we come one who became a priest or thief
You chose your way and I chose my path my way was harder
You talked to my dad and mom
Remember when you left to become a chaplain? I waited
I was 10 or 12 years old I don't remember how much, but I stayed
I tried but useless and now I will tell you something
You became a chaplain because you were more coward to do what I was doing
Toko
Please forgive me, my brother
Ha
My stomach is full
My brother is a good person
I didn't tell you my brother is in charge here
Almost everything, almost the Pope, is responsible in Rome
My brother told me, "Wait, my brother, don't go."
There is a lot of eating and drinking bring your friend too
Wherever I meet him he never wants to leave me
My brother is obsessed with me
That is, if even a traveler like me does not care about what is happening
I know that somewhere I have a brother who will not refuse me, a soup dish
Certainly
Well after food nothing is better than a good cigar
This is Sierra Magdalena
Go this way, we will cross the Rio Grand
It's a long way
Northwest across all of Texas
After that ... then what?
When we get there, I'll tell you, don't worry. Are you worried?
These guys aren't worried about anything, are they?
Because I'm alive, I noticed that we had crossed enemy lines several times
You must tell me where we are going?
Up to 200,000 dollars, is that good for you?
WoW
get up
Is there a blue or gray upcoming band?
They are gray like us, let's greet them and then let them go
Long live the union
General Grant falls
Long live the general
what is his name ?
Mine
God is with us because he hates Yankees too.
God is not beside us because he hates fools, too
HP 2, 3, 4 HP 2, 3, 4
Prisoners of war forward
Advance
Hebb, 2, 3, 4
Forward see
One class, move
Jonathan Broad is present
Ripchard Mobily. Present
Nathaniel Sullivan is present
Robert Clarke is present
Sam Richmond is here
Bill Carson
I said (Bill Carson)
Blond, is this Angel Angel
Well what does he do? Is he asleep Bill Carson
Yeah, and it'd better be Bill Carson
Bill Carson
its me
Carson, please
Say "present."
Are you deaf ?
Now you should say, "Present."
I love the huge guys like you when they fall they make a big noise
Sometimes they never get up
Wallace
that is enough
Sergeant
The leader wants to see you immediately
I make sure that these two get good treatment
Did you hear what he said? Good treatment
Yes
For the last time, Sergeant, I tell you
I want the prisoners to be treated as prisoners
No more brutality
There are hundreds of prisoners here and a few men to guard them
I am forced to earn their respect
I think you will earn their respect if you treat them better
Are our soldiers treated like this in Andersonville?
I don't care what they do in Andersonville
While I am responsible here, the prisoners are not tortured, deceived ... or killed
Is this an accusation?
Sergeant, gangrene ate my feet, not my eyes
I know that the captives here are regularly stolen
I know that there is garbage or soldiers near the camp waiting
For someone to communicate this booty
But as long as I am the leader, I will not allow these games. Am I clear?
Yes, sir
As long as you are the leader
Yes, Sergeant
I know that my feet mean that I will not stay long
But I pray that I will have enough time to collect the evidence and send to the military court these conspirators
... who bring shame to the union's uniform
I hope you'll find luck
You and the others are best kept quiet for a short time
I'll keep this. Go, Wallace. He'll guide you.
Wallace brought Carson to me. Okay
Angel Eyes tells us to hide for a short time
But I will stay close enough to keep my eyes on things. Come on ride your horses
Enter
Come on, Toko, don't be shy
There is no room for graphics here
It is a long time
You Hungry
Sit down and eat
I knew
Ever since I saw you at first sight, I said to myself, "It's the vile, Angel Eyes."
I bet he got an easy job
He will never forget his friend
I don't forget old friends, Toko
OK
It's good to meet my old friends again
Especially when they come from a long journey
And they have a lot to say
And you have a lot to talk about, don't you?
Catch you close to Fort Craig
If you're with Sibley, then you're from Santa Fe
Is traveling in the desert very difficult?
Especially if you have nothing to drink
Why are you taking the name Bill Carson now?
A better name than the other
It is not wise to use your name
As you are, I bet they (they are not calling you) Angel Eyes
Staff Sergeant Angel Eyes
Do you like to hear music while eating, Toko?
Music ? This is very good for digestion
Ear
Bill Carson (not his real name).
These are also borrowed
The name (Bill Carson) is written on it
Take some, it's Bill Carson
Is Carson alive or dead? Where did you find it?
What did he tell you about the money?
I do not know
No ... I don't know what you're talking about
Stronger sensation
You can consider yourself more fortunate than your friend
Wallace will beat your friend as long as this song continues
Many of us had sessions there
How is digestion now?
You better talk, I have nothing to say
I play this violin
I will speak ... I will speak ...
What did he say about money?
It is buried ...
It is buried in a tomb
Where .?
Sad Hill
In the cemetery of Sad Hill
In which grave?
I don't know. I don't know. I'll tell you
Blond ...
I ask Al-Ashqar that he knows the name of the grave
The war is over for you
I wear these clothes
Why ?
We will go on a trip
Where ? Let's get $ 200,000
I know the name of the graves now
And you know the name of the grave
Are you not going to treat me the same way?
Would you speak?
no never
This is what I thought about
Not because you are stronger than Toko
But you are smart enough to know that speech will not save you
And (Toko) is he? ...
no not yet
But he is in safe hands
You changed the partner but the deal is the same
I'm not greedy, I'll just take half
We two this makes it easier than just one
Yes
Wait for it
There is no movement
Do not breathe
We got it, thanks
Corporal, I'm afraid to get lost. Where does the rebel go?
For hell, with a rope wrapped around his neck and a prize on his head
Yep 3000 dollars, it's a lot of head money
I bet they didn't pay you a dime for your arm
I told you once
But if you fall once, you will need great help to get up again
You are more fortunate than this
You will get a suitable rope and then you are done
There is no partner this time to cross for you
If your friends stay in the dark, they will catch a cold, right?
Or a bullet will warm them
Did you hear that, boys? Come here
Since we are going in the same direction, we must go together
One Two
Three, four
Five, six
Six ... that's an appropriate number
Isn't three of them the right number?
Yes, but I have six shots in my pistol
Are you sure you want to put your hand on it?
I want to pee, I was shaking on this train ten hours ago
You smell like a pig already
Let's not do anything worse
Come on, pee
I can't while you look at me
Report
You make a noise, my friend
You do not want to lose our friendship, no better to lose it
Stop
Take your places
Are ready
Aim
Release
Klim, take care of the horses
I have been looking for you for 8 months
Whenever I have a gun in my hand, I think about you
Now I found you in the perfect position for me
It took a long time to learn how to aim with my left hand
When you want to hit! Hit, don't talk
Each pistol creates its own tone
Its perfect timing is great
Klim, follow him.
One minute and I will open
Give me a moment to put on my clothes and I will open for you
Put on your underpants and take off your gun
You are
You blond, how the hell did you get out of that pigyard?
In my own way, I'm here with your old friend Angel Eyes
I told him, traitor, I told him
No, I didn't tell him if I did, I wouldn't be here now
you are me...
Then you only know half the secret
Oh blond
I am happy that you are working with me and we are together again
I will get dressed, I will kill him and I will return
Listen ! I forgot a note
It is not alone there are five of them
Five? Yeah, five of them?
That’s why you came to me, Toko
I don't care, I will kill them all
They shot him at close range
Well look from there the other one will support him
They will come looking for us
Watch them
They are two
I want this blond alive
You go back there, let's go
Are you going to die alone
Angel Eyes to me
OK
See you soon, A.
Foolish..
it's yours
Oh calm and peace, O owner
Like graves, for example
There should be a bridge to cross the river
It is better to wait until night. Trust me, blond
I have a strong sense of wherever I go
Toko will take you away ... I'll take you from the ways
Tell the commander. - Yes, sir
Come on now, follow me
We found them near the border, sir
Where did you come from?
Illinois
And you ?
I am with him
What are your justifications for being here?
We want to volunteer, General
It is better to learn to distinguish between ranks
I'm a captain
Get out the hell
You can be in hell today, go write your will
Yes . Sir
If you want to volunteer
You should pass the test to confirm this
Well show me
You are...
You are acceptable, at least you will be a colonel
Really? Sure
As they say in the brochure
You must be qualified to be an expert in the use of weapons
This is the most effective weapon in war
The fighting spirit in the bottle
The volunteers
Want to volunteer? so let's go
Come on gentlemen ... come on
The beating did not start after you came in time
Verse
Who has the strongest alcohol to make the soldiers drunk?
And send them to where they are slaughtered will be the winner
We and the other side of the river have one thing in common
We all smoke from alcohol.
You say what his name is?
Aa ...
And you?
Aa ... no
Names do not matter
Because you can join soon, you will be champions of the Branston Bridge
We have two fighting a day
Two fighting a day, for sure
The damned Rip decided that this bridge is the key to the whole area
Useless bridge
A small spot on the main maps
And the leadership announced that this ridiculous spot must be seized
Even if we all killed
On the other side, the switch has become rusty and has just become a stain on the wall
And that's not all the sides want the bridge intact
The south wants him and we too
All of you will turn to dust, but one thing is certain, boys
(Pranston Bridge) will remain unbreakable
Is this bad for talking to volunteers?
I did worse
I did it, it blew it up
Here, I completely destroyed it
The military court will be upset just for the dream of detonating it. A major crime
... even thinking about destroying this bridge just
Why don't we really blow it up, Captain
Yes, sir, it's nothing. Let's turn it into hell
I dreamed of this
You made a plan
I am sure
The right time is after the attack
When they are ready to transport the wounded
If I can do it, I will save thousands of men
But I lack courage
They are starting the daily massacre now
All groups are waiting for your orders, sir
I will be here
Let's go
Well guys
Come on, enjoy the play
Groups, report
Group B prepare
Group C get ready
Community "D" braced
Groups, forward
It seems that the captain wants a bullet in his bravery
Yes
I have never seen scattered men like this
I have a feeling that it will be a long battle
blonde
Money on the other side of the river
Where ?
I said on the other side, and that is enough
But while these are here, we will not be able to cross
What would happen if someone blew this bridge?
These goons go elsewhere to fight
Probably
Hurry up doctor, Captain is injured
Stretcher quickly
take it easy
Prepare things
A little of this will help
Take this, captain
He kept the eyes open
What do you do ? No ... leave me alone
Blond, you realize that our lives are in danger?
If I die I will not get that beautiful money
Yes, Toko
Sure it would be unfortunate
Duc ...
Doctor ... make me live for a short time
I am expecting good news
Why do not we tell each other the secret that we have?
why not ?
You Start
I don't think it's better
You start
OK
The name of the graves is
Sad Hill, now it's your turn.
The name on the grave is
Arch Stanton
are you sure ?
Sure sure
It will be easier to use this
Two burrows faster than one
I dig
You do not dig
If you kill me, you will not see a single penny of this money
Why ?
I will tell you why?
Because nothing here
You think I trust you
Two hundred thousand dollars, a large amount
We have to win it
How ?
I will write the name on the back of this stone
The gun?
Despicable! You wanted me to kill when did you empty it?
Last night
You see, there are two kinds of people in this world, my friend
Those who are with Muammar’s gun and those who dig
You dig
Where ?
Here
It has no name
There is no name here either
This is what Bill Carson told me
There is an unknown grave on it, right next to Archton
Come on
It's money! All of us are blond
You are kidding, you will not kidding me this way
It's no joke, it's a rope, Toko
I want you to stand there and put your head in this rope
Well now ... like the old days
Four for you
And four ...
And four for me
Ash ...
blonde ...
Sorry, Toko
blonde
You filthy son of a bitch!
Do you know what you are?
.... you are just a filthy son